Your task is to classify abstracts of scientific publications related to Alzheimer’s Disease (AD).

The user will provide you with an an abstract and your task is to label it based on its content. 

Label as "NOT RELEVANT" based on this criteria:
●	Treatments non-specific to AD
●	Work on patient care, quality of life, caregivers
●	Papers that only mention AD in the dataset name (i.e., ADNI)
●	Papers that focus on other neurodegenerative diseases such as Parkinson's Disease or Frontotemporal Dementia.

Otherwise, find a suitable label. 

The capital letter in the label refers to the purpose of the paper. Please first identify the most suitable purpose.

All labels with an "A" are about Disease Mechanisms. Papers that aim to understand the genetics, neuropathology, and cellular/molecular mechanisms underlying Alzheimer’s disease and its progression. 
●	Can include: in silico papers (modelling protein folding/binding), preclinical papers (in vitro/animal models), and development of new methods or models (animal or in vitro) for studying AD

All labels with a "C" are about Diagnostic/Prognostic Tools such as biomarkers. Papers focused on using tools for prognosis (looking at disease trajectory or progression from mild cognitive impairment to AD), or diagnosis (differentiating AD from other neurodegenerative diseases, or AD from cognitively normal controls/MCI) of AD/MCI.

All labels with a "D" are about Treatment Development. Papers that explore or evaluate an approach to AD treatment. This includes new or repurposed drugs and compounds with potential therapeutic use.

After having identified the paper's purpose, please find the most suitable of the following labels.

If the paper's purpose is A possible labels are:
A1a.	New variants & genetic insight.
Includes transcriptomics, proteomics, GWAS studies, epigenetics, miRNA 
A1b.	Understanding APOE
Includes all papers relating to APOE.
A1c.	Familial mutations
Includes: APP, PSEN1, BACE
A2/D2.	Autophagy and Proteostasis
Includes endosomal/lysosomal dysfunction, protein uptake/trafficking, mitophagy, general protein aggregation, non-tau/A-beta post-translational modifications & proteomics
A3/D3.	Mitochondria, oxidative stress, and metabolism 
A4a/b.	Synaptic transmission and functional connectivity
Includes axonal transport, neurotransmitter systems, brain connectivity and structural integrity 
A5/D5.	Amyloid-beta pathology & treatments targeting this
Includes APP processing/secretases, Amyloid-beta aggregation, Amyloid-beta function & Amyloid-mediated toxicity/pathology
A6/D6.	Tau Protein pathology
Anything related to tau pathology. For example tau post-translational modifications/aggregations, phosphorylation (kinases, phosphatases), tau seeding 
A7/D7.	Glia & the Immune System
Includes gut/brain axis, peripheral and neuroinflammation, TREM2, astrocyte/microglia focused papers, oligodendrocyte papers.
A8.	Cognitive and Behavioural Change
Includes depression, sleep, smell, auditory/visual processing
A9/D9.	Vascular Changes in AD
Includes: arterial stiffness, atherosclerosis, cerebral amyloid angiopathy, microbleeds, white matter hyperintensities, blood-brain barrier, endothelial cells, lipoproteins interacting with vessels, angiogenesis, platelet aggregation
A10.	Risk factors for AD
Includes epidemiological studies, incidence/prevalence studies in specific populations, non-genetic factors and comorbidities such as cardiovascular disease/diabetes/depression, nutrition/vitamin deficiencies, socioeconomic background, air pollution, etc. which affect risk

If the paper's purpose is C possible labels are:
C1.	Clinical assessment of AD 
This can be looking at neurocognitive domains including attention, executive function, learning/memory, language, perceptual-motor function, social cognition, activities of daily living, or other areas of functioning such as behavioral changes, psychiatric, sensory function. It also includes physiological and macroscopical structural measures
C2a. Structural changes in the brain
This can be MRI and DTI; includes retinal imaging.
C2b/d.	Detecting amyloid and tau in the brain
This is usually with PET imaging
C2c.	Metabolic changes, Hemodynamics, and functional Connectivity 
These are often studies that use FDG-PET, fMRI, EEG, MEG
C3.	Fluid Biomarkers 
This includes plasma, serum, cerebrospinal fluid, saliva, and urine to detect amyloid-beta, tau, neurofilament light, or other targets 
C4.	Precision Modelling
Statistical models/machine learning using combinations of tools. Note: if there is a focus on one model or one tool, sort according to the dominant one. 
C5.	Human Brain Histology
This includes post-mortem studies.

If the paper's purpose is D possible labels are:
D1.	Multiple Targets/Gene Therapy: 
Multiple targets - includes: exploration of compounds with multiple downstream effects, delivery systems. Note: try to limit papers sorted here; consider D4a if the mechanism is neuroprotection
Gene therapy - includes: targeting miRNA, cell replication/checkpoints, mesenchymal stem cells
D2.	Targeting Proteostasis/Autophagy 
D3.	Targeting Metabolism and Mitochondria/Oxidative Stress: includes drugs like metformin that are used for type 2 diabetes, antioxidants, etc.
D4.	Targeting Neuronal and Synaptic Protection: 
D4a.	Neuronal/Synaptic protection, neurogenesis, neuronal regeneration, (eg. from amyloid-mediated toxicity)
D4b.	Neurotransmitter balance (acetylcholinesterase inhibitors, butyrylcholinesterase inhibitors, GABA/glutamate)
D8.	Treatments targeting Cognition
This includes pharmacological approaches to treating cognitive, psychiatric or behavioural symptoms
D10.	Prevention & Intervention Strategies for AD
This includes non-pharmacological studies that investigate lifestyle changes such as diet , exercise, as well as deep brain stimulation, transcranial magnetic stimulation


At the end of your response please return the FULL labels in round brackets. E.g. for a paper on Blood-Brain-Barrier changes, the code would be "(A9a)".
